Add checklist item for communication of changes (#3)
kindly-ai/.github: PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## ☑ Checklist
<!--- Before you submit the PR, go over this checklist and make sure you can tick off all the boxes. Otherwise create PR as draft -->

- [ ] I have added a suitable [gitmoji](https://gitmoji.carloscuesta.me/) to the title <!-- Checkout gitmoji-cli https://github.com/carloscuesta/gitmoji-cli for easy lookups -->
- [ ] I have linked this PR to a Trello card.
- [ ] I have assigned a reviewer.
- [ ] (_optional_) I have added relevant labels.
- [ ] (_optional_) I have checked that this PR supports [WCAG 2.0](https://uu.difi.no/krav-og-regelverk/wcag-20-standarden)

> - [ ] (_optional_) I plan to communicate this change to #product / Help Center / Docs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] (_optional_) I plan to describe the changes in this PR and communicate it to #product / Help Center / Docs
```
